https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/212 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x00-hello_world/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/213 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x01-variables_if_else_while/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/214 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x02-functions_nested_loops/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/539	holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x03-debugging/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/215 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x04-more_functions_nested_loops/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/216 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/217 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x06-pointers_arrays_strings/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/218 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x07-pointers_arrays_strings/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/219 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x08-recursion/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/220 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x09-static_libraries/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/221 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0A-argc_argv/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/222 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0B-malloc_free/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/223 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0C-more_malloc_free/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/224 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0D-preprocessor/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/225 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0E-structures_typedef/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/226 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x0F-function_pointers/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/227 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x10-variadic_functions/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/229 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x12-singly_linked_lists/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/230 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/232 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x14-bit_manipulation/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/240 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x17-doubly_linked_lists/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/242 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x18-dynamic_libraries/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/253 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x1A-hash_tables/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/234 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x15-file_io/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/273 holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x1C-makefiles/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/295	holbertonschool-low_level_programming/0x1E-search_algorithms/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/231	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x00-python-hello_world/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/233	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x01-python-if_else_loops_functions/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/239	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x02-python-import_modules/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/241	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x03-python-data_structures/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/243	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x04-python-more_data_structures/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/245	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x05-python-exceptions/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/247	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x06-python-classes/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/246	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x07-python-test_driven_development/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/250	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x08-python-more_classes/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/252	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x09-python-everything_is_object/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/254	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0A-python-inheritance/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/260	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0B-python-input_output/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/331	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0C-python-almost_a_circle/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/283	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/299	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x10-python-network_0/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/300	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x11-python-network_1/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/303	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x12-javascript-warm_up/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/304	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x13-javascript_objects_scopes_closures/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/272	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0D-SQL_introduction/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/274	holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/0x0E-SQL_more_queries/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/205 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x00-shell_basics/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/207 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x01-shell_permissions/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/208 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x02-shell_redirections/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/209 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x03-shell_variables_expansions/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/251 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/255 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x05-processes_and_signals/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/78 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x06-regular_expressions/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/259 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x07-networking_basics/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/285 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x08-networking_basics_2/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/302 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x09-web_infrastructure_design/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/276 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x10-https_ssl/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/292 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0A-configuration_management/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/244 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0B-ssh/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/266 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0C-web_server/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/265 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0D-web_stack_debugging_0/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/271 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0E-web_stack_debugging_1/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/275 holberton-system_engineering-devops/0x0F-load_balancer/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/210 holbertonschool-zero_day/0x00-vagrant/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/206 holbertonschool-zero_day/0x01-emacs/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/211 holbertonschool-zero_day/0x02-vi/README.md
https://intranet.hbtn.io/projects/1 holbertonschool-zero_day/0x03-git/README.md
